Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Congratulations!
Kiss! Kiss!
Congratulations. you two!
Love live the newly weds!
You can do this!
As you all know...
Ariel. his big brother. and I
were the best of friends.
But when Ramon passed away...
Ariel and I became best friends.
So. to my best friend Ariel.
who’s not getting any younger
so he got married.
Wow really?
and to Rita. who everyone fantasizes about.
whom Ariel now gets to keep for himself.
All yours?
- Cheers!
Kiss!
Yeah!
Give it to me.
Ariel acts all cool
but he’s really shy.
We wouldn’t have gotten together
if I hadn’t courted him.
He kept coming to the bar
but never requested for me.
All he did was steal glances.
So. I told myself.
“If this guy doesn’t approach me. I will.”
Then. one day. I was surprised.
he approached me and proposed.
No courting or anything!
Kiss!
- Kiss again?
- Yeah!
That’s a lot of kisses!
Yes!
One. two. three!
Be careful!
This is where we’ll live.
I’m sorry. this is all I inherited
from my parents.
Anywhere is fine. as long
as I'm with you.
I’m happy with that.
What if you don’t leave for Saudi?
You know I have to.
I’m kidding. I just don't know
what to do when you leave.
We just got married.
I’ll call you everyday.
I want it every hour. Every minute.
Let’s savor our
time together.
Be careful.
This is good now.
It won’t drip anymore.
Rita.
Remember. if you feel sad.
just hop on a plane and
come home right away.
My contract is only for two years.
Before you know it. we'll be
in bed together again.
Oh you!
Marlon. you take care of
my sexy wife. okay?
I don't want any other
man looking at her.
Of course.
I will send your tuition right away.
Thank you. brother-in-law.
- Let’s go.
- What brother-in-law?
- It's big brother!
- Really.
Okay! You guys take care of yourselves.
Take care. okay?
You also take care there. okay?
Don’t miss me too much!
Be careful!
Take care!
I don't like drivers who drive fast.
you understand?
I want you to be careful always.
Yes. sir.
Sir?
Sir. what are you doing? No!
You cannot escape!
I hold your passport!
Don’t fight me.
I can do what I want.
Sir?
I will tell the police. you stole
money from me.
Sir! Please!
No. sir!
Sir! No. sir!
Sir?
You cannot escape!
I hold your passport!
Don’t fight me.
I can do what I want.
I will tell the police. you stole
money from me.
Sir...
when can I get my passport?
- No. It’s okay. I keep it.
- But sir...
Don’t tell anyone
what happened last night.
Or else. I will have you jailed.
What we did is not legal.
I didn’t do anything wrong. sir.
- You’re the one who--
- But I will tell them you forced me.
Here. send this money
to your family.
Whatever you need. just tell me.
I will give you.
I need more. sir.
I sent more money to you.
I've already paid Marlon's tuition.
Also. it's good that I went
back to the buy-and-sell business.
I sold a lot at the bar.
That’s good. I have another box
for you. look!
Add more shampoo and soap.
those sell quickly.
I miss you so much. Ariel.
I miss your eyes. your lips.
even your armpits.
I miss your hair too.
Which hair?
Silly! You know where!
Obviously. it's not the nose!
I miss you too. Rita.
Come home already.
The roof is still leaking.
Why don't you just hire a carpenter?
I want you to fix it.
So. come home already.
If you're fooling around
with women there...
They're dead!
Come on. Rita.
There are so many horny Filipinas there.
just waiting to be satisfied.
Do you really miss me?
A lot!
Do you always think of me?
Of course!
This?
Do you think about this?
They miss you too. Hold them.
Wait. my boss is here.
Sir--
Oh. come! Come join me.
Have a seat.
This dish. this is a famous recipe here.
You like the food?
Yes. sir.
I know how to cook.
My father taught me
when I was small.
Do you know how to cook?
No. sir.
My wife cooks.
How’s your wife?
She’s okay.
Very pretty.
She does buy and sell.
Good. Good.
Sir--
Sir. no more. I will get fat.
You don’t need to worry.
Your body is already beautiful.
If you need anything. just tell me.
Don’t be shy.
Yes. sir.
I’ll give you some money to send
to the Philippines.
To your pretty wife.
Thank you. sir.
And if you like any place here
in Saudi Arabia. just let me know.
we can go.
Uh. sir...
- Can I ask you a question?
- Sure.
You don’t have a wife?
Too much trouble.
It’s better to live alone.
Is it not bad?
A man with no wife?
How are your studies?
I’m doing okay.
Are you courting anyone?
Not yet.
Sis. I’m focused on my studies.
Hey. Marlon. do you still not like girls?
I've been telling you.
being gay is difficult.
Those penises of other men.
they’re unfaithful.
You'll just get fooled.
It gets hard for anyone
with money.
I think you're not really gay.
you just think you are.
Rita. let's not talk about it anymore.
Why not? We're siblings.
I raised you.
I'm telling you. just
one night with Arlene.
you'll get straightened out.
This is not an illness
that can be cured.
I’ll go inside now.
If I see naked men again on
your phone. I'll confiscate it!
Sorry for coming to tell you.
It’s okay. Marlon.
It’s just that I don’t have anyone
to talk to about this.
My sister said...
that it's difficult to be gay.
that's why it's forbidden for me.
She will understand you in time.
I also experienced difficulty
during my youth.
people didn't understand
much back then.
I had low self-esteem.
Until I realized.
I was as important
as the others.
It’s just that I’m different.
What’s important is
that you’re honest with yourself
and with other people.
Just make sure to pay.
You always ask
for extensions.
There were only a few
customers last night.
I’ll pay you next week. Rita.
What next week? You guys
keep saying next week!
I won’t allow it!
Why are you so grumpy now?
Maybe because she's not getting any.
That's why she takes it out on us.
Why don't you just come back here!
Yeah. Look at Arlene.
not even a year has passed.
and she already left her husband!
Who wouldn’t? Every hour. every day.
my damn spouse keeps doing me.
He has no job. so I’m the one
he’s working on.
Well. at least here.
Every time I get “worked on”.
I get paid.
Hurry up and pick. I still have to
take this to my customers at the market.
- Okay. Miss Grumpy!
- How about you. Kim?
Aren’t you buying?
Marlon. is your sister home?
I have something to send for Ariel.
She’s inside!
Sis!
Sis! Royce is here.
Oh. sorry but I’m running late.
You can handle yourself from here.
Sure.
Rita?
I’ve been here for five years.
and still no salary increase.
Tight-fisted. even with my meals.
He's so strict.
But I can't resign.
Both my wife and
mother-in-law in the Philippines are sick.
My salary really isn’t enough.
How would it be enough...
when you're also spending
on your woman here.
She's the only one making me happy here.
how can I let her go?
You know that we get lonely too.
Come on. Ariel. You got
your salary yesterday.
Lend me some money.
Here.
Thank you. man!
I'm sorry. I couldn't contain myself.
I know I promised before
that I would change my ways.
That I’ll stick to one.
But Lord. I added only one.
Maybe you can let it slide.
And besides. Ariel is not here.
so it's still “sticking to one” anyway.
I’m really sorry.
Sorry. Lord.
That damn roof!
Tomorrow. if it doesn't rain.
patch it up again.
Ariel didnt’t seem to fix it properly.
Sis. why don't we just hire a carpenter?
It's a waste of money.
Finish that up and go to bed.
I will still do the laundry.
It’s already late.
just do it tomorrow.
It will pile up.
Just do what I say. Go to sleep now.
You can do the laundry tomorrow.
Sis. why don't we hire some help?
I'm struggling with the household chores
and my studies.
I told you. we don’t have
the money. Marlon.
Go ahead. take a rest.
I want to be alone.
Do you miss Ariel?
Why do you still call him Ariel?
It's big brother.
I'm on my way!
Are you ready?
Hi. love!
How are you there?
I heard there's a typhoon.
Yeah. in the province.
it’s just raining here.
How are you?
I’m okay. my employer is kind.
That’s good.
Uh... I'm going to send
another box tomorrow.
Love. look for some affordable
earrings and necklaces
because that is what
Arlene is looking for.
Okay. I’ll take a look tomorrow.
I miss you so much. Ariel.
I miss you too. Rita.
Do you miss this?
My boss is here. I got to go.
My first experience with a girl
was paid for by my dad
so I could supposedly learn.
I was only 15 years old back then.
That’s when I got addicted to sex.
You're not only addicted to gambling.
you’re also addicted to sex.
Sex is also like gambling.
every time I win. it feels like
I’m reaching climax.
The feeling that I can conquer everything.
Anyway. who’s better
between me and Ariel?
You're equal. You just
have different talents.
What do you mean talents?
You’re like an acrobat in bed!
When is he coming home?
One year and a half.
What happens when he comes home?
What about us?
Then we're done.
Hey Royce. this is just sex.
We're just relieving ourselves
while Ariel is not around.
What are those?
Are those scratches?
Who's the girl you're fooling
around with this time?
Those are not scratches.
You're being delusional!
That's probably why you're
no longer aroused by me.
because you're already
having sex with someone else.
Stop being annoying.
I'll annoy you
until you confess.
Who’s your mistress?
Cut it out!
Who are you fooling around with?
You jerk!
You're not satisfied with me?
You pervert!
You're the same. too.
We’re just alike.
You're not satisfied
with your boyfriend.
that's why you
still want my dick.
Screw you. asshole! Pervert!
I’m sick and tired of your lies!
Return all the money
you borrowed from me!
That’s your boyfriend’s money
which you gave me to relieve your lust!
Screw you!
Screw you. too!
That money you gave me is payment
for me to have sex with you.
Go ahead. create a scene.
and let your boyfriend know
about your indiscretions.
Come on. I'm not peeping at you!
I caught you! You kept staring
while I was peeing!
Why would I peep when
you’re not even my type?
- Asshole!
- What are you doing?
Hey. what’s going on here?
Sis. I saw Royce leave.
You saw nothing.
Shit!
Marlon knows.
Why can't I control my lust?
You're such a fool. Rita.
I'm sorry. Ariel. I know
I already owe you a lot.
- Here. it’s okay.
- Thank you.
Hello?
This has been his third heart attack.
We’ve already contacted his family
to come and claim his body.
Excuse me.
Ariel?
Ariel!
You didn’t tell me!
It was sudden.
- Keep eating. love.
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
- Doesn't your employer feed you?
- It seems like you're losing weight.
- There’s more than enough to eat there.
It looks like you're the one losing weight.
You shouldn’t be overworking yourself.
It’s just right.
Besides. I might gain weight again.
You're here now.
Marlon. how's your studies?
It's okay. big brother.
Keep eating.
Should I call a carpenter?
No. I’ll try to fix it first.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I can still find
a way to fix that.
Give me the rag.
That’s okay for now.
I’ll just buy a thicker one.
Ariel. thanks for the souvenir.
It's all good. bro. I remembered you
when I saw those shoes.
- Love. is the sisig ready?
- Ah. yes. I'll just get it.
- Bro. can I use your restroom?
- Go ahead.
What about us?
It’s over. My husband is already here.
Let’s see each other tomorrow.
Stop it. Royce. I said it’s over!
Do you want me to tell him
what we were doing?
Damn you!
Tomorrow. 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
At my house.
I’ll be going.
Marlon. let’s talk.
Don’t you dare
tell Ariel about it.
You’re deceiving Ariel.
I'll stop. don't worry.
What’s with you? I'm your sister.
you should be on my side.
I just feel sorry for Ariel.
You keep saying Ariel.
call him big brother!
Do you have feelings for Ariel?
Hm?
I've noticed it for a while now.
Your eyes light up
whenever he's around.
You're almost devouring him
with your eyes.
Hey Marlon. look at me!
That's just lust.
Rub it against the wall.
Okay...
I know. I’ve always warned
you about your homosexuality.
Since I can't stop you anyway.
so go ahead!
It's fine by me.
But not with Ariel!
There are plenty of others outside.
Just get anyone. But don't pay.
We don't have money.
Just don’t tell on us. okay?
Pay up.
Huh?
Pay up. three thousand.
Hurry up. I need to get going.
Thanks!
Don't be like that. bro.
I’ll pay you next week.
that’s for sure.
You keep saying that but
your debts are piling up.
You keep on gambling. that’s why.
What’s my gambling
got to do with this?
Are you stupid?
Do you think I wouldn't know that
you’re getting high off the supply.
and gambling away whatever
profit you have?
You're in deep trouble. Royce.
If you don't pay up next week.
you'll get it.
Let's not go that far. bro.
Next week!
Just a moment.
This will be the last.
Don’t ever call and don’t you ever
come by the house again.
Hey. Maybe you can
lend me some money.
We’re done. The end.
Ariel probably brought home
a lot of money. right?
Are you serious?
What are you. a whore?
Why the hell would I pay you?
I’m just broke.
Hey. Royce. I know. you're
just going to gamble that away.
And the money I have here
is for paying Marlon's projects.
One more thing.
I'm the one who gets paid.
I'm not the one who pays.
Is that so? Maybe you'd like
to watch this.
I can show this
to Ariel if you want.
You’re blackmailing me? You asshole!
You asshole! You have no shame!
Is this how you get money?
You're shameless. you jerk!
Give that to me!
Try showing that to Ariel.
I'll cut your dick off.
All I need is money.
Besides. you seemed to enjoy
what we were doing.
You disgust me!
- You’re a pig!
- How about you?
Don’t act so innocent. Rita.
You’ve been with a lot of men.
You should be grateful
Ariel accepted you.
- I’ve changed.
- Yeah. you did.
- Now. you’re the one paying.
- You bastard!
This is our last meeting.
I'll be the one to say when
our last meeting will be.
Wait a moment!
Who is it?
Oh. Ariel! What a surprise!
Hey! Come! Come inside!
You seem too eager to drink. bro.
It's prohibited there in Saudi.
- How was it there?
- It was okay.
Did you have problems there?
Buddy--
It's okay. bro.
Hey. Come on. Ariel...
When your brother was still alive.
we were already getting into trouble.
Are we still going to keep secrets?
I don't have anyone else
to talk to about this.
My employer--
My male employer.
I don’t know what he is.
Sometimes.
he enters my room...
Your employer did something to you?
Bro...
This will never happen again.
I'm sorry. I got carried away.
Bro. we can do it again
whenever you want.
No. we can't.
It's up to you.
Bro. maybe you still have
some dollars remaining.
I could really use it.
Sorry. bro. I've already
exchanged it all to peso.
Even peso is good enough.
You probably
earned a lot in Saudi...
Are you asking me
to pay for what we did?
Why?
Do you think I did that for fun?
I’m sorry. Ariel.
I’m not like you.
Actually. I was surprised.
We've been friends
since we were kids.
I didn't even notice
that you were like that.
Bro...
I actually recorded a video
of you enjoying what we did.
- You bastard!
- Ugh!
So?
I can already imagine what Rita
will say when she sees the video.
Thanks!
Damn you! Delete that video!
Not yet. not until
I’ve paid off my debts.
Why are you in a tight spot?
Your husband just came back. right?
He hardly has any money
because we paid it to the agency.
Then his contract got terminated.
and Marlon has a lot of school fees.
Maybe your husband
had lots of affairs in Saudi.
That's probably where his earnings went.
You talk too much.
If you're going to pay me.
just pay. Those are debts. right?
You know what. I'll just give you
one of my customers.
A little older but is generous with tips.
I’m done with that.
Okay. okay. I’ll pay now.
Okay. I'll pay too. even though
I don't owe you anything.
Here you go.
Thank you. girls.
Who else would
I turn to but you?
Of course. who else?
We got each other’s backs.
Don’t you worry. if a spot opens up.
we'll call you first. Okay?
- Take care.
- Thank you. sir.
Ariel!
- Ariel!
- Mar!
What are you doing here?
Have you come home or
are you here on vacation?
I’m here for good.
I got lucky. bro. I don't need
to work anymore.
My wife won the lottery.
It's not a huge amount. but it's
enough for me to go home and
set up a small store.
I even bought a second hand car!
Damn. you really are lucky!
Well...
what about your mistress in Saudi?
That's over. I'm a good boy now.
How about you. buddy?
How are you?
Well. I'm looking for a job.
It's...
It’s kind of rough.
Really?
- How do you manage?
- We’re okay.
The money I brought home
is almost running out.
My wife is also helping out. she’s into
buying and selling stuff.
The earnings are small. though.
- Don’t be like--
- Just take it.
It’s not that much...
but I won’t forget.
- You helped me a lot back then.
- I’m not demanding you to pay me back.
- It’s okay. I’m okay.
- That’s not payment. bro.
It’s a token of my gratitude.
Thank you.
I’m still short!
Oh. bro?
Bro--
Let's see each other later.
Wear something sexy. okay?
I thought you were going to
end it with Royce?
You're still deceiving Ariel!
You don't know anything.
just stay out of it.
- But--
- I’ll take care of Ariel.
It’s our problem. Stay out of this.
You finish this.
I'm late for school.
You’re scum.
I know you also
enjoy what we're doing.
Stop it. let’s end this. Royce.
Do you want me to show Ariel
what we’re doing?
You have no shame!
Come here!
Come on!
What are you doing?
Let go of me. Royce!
There! Yeah...
Yes...
There.
What are you doing?
Keep going.
Stop it. Royce!
Let go of me!
I told you to let go of me!
You asshole!
Stop resisting!
You have no shame!
You asshole!
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
Let me go!
You whore.
Acting so innocent.
You'll always be a whore!
Has my lust really come to this point?
I’m disgusted with myself.
How do I show my face to Ariel now?
This--
This is the consequence of my foolishness.
What should I do now?
I'm sorry...
Is my sister still not here?
She left. said she'll be back by morning.
Have you eaten?
There. it hasn’t been touched.
I already ate outside.
Does your sister allow you to drink?
She isn’t here. and didn't you say
she'll be back in the morning?
Thirsty for alcohol?
Is this your first time drinking?
Well. my sister’s strict.
Always about what's not allowed.
We lost our parents when
we were still young.
That's why she's the one
I consider as my parent.
I understand that
she sacrificed a lot.
Even with her previous boyfriends.
She left them because
she needed to work.
She doesn’t really like
working at the bar.
Sometimes. I think.
that maybe she blames me
for not having done much with her life.
That's probably why. even
when I was still a child.
she would always scold me.
I have a feeling that...
she’s not happy
that I’m her brother.
You’re still young.
Don't confuse what your body feels
with what your heart feels.
- I know what I’m feeling!
- Stop!
- You know we can't.
- Why not?
What’s allowed?
You and my sister?
She doesn’t deserve you.
She's just fooling you!
While you were in Saudi.
she was having an affair
with Royce! Until now!
What?
Sorry. I didn't mean to.
Is that true?
Oh no.
Oh. you’re still awake!
Sorry. I took a while at--
Is it true?
- What?
- You and Royce? Is it true?
No!
- Who told you that?
- Don’t play with me!
Did anything happen
between you and Royce?
Did Royce do you?
- What? Answer me!
- Yes!
Yes!
When you were in Saudi.
I was lonely.
I got tempted.
I made a mistake.
It's my fault.
Go ahead. hurt me! Hurt me!
I’m a worthless wife!
Hurt me if that's what it takes
for you to forgive me!
I can't hurt you...
I also made a mistake.
My male employer...
At first.
he forced me to do it.
But...
as time went on. it seemed like
I started to like it too.
I got used to it too.
I don't know what happened.
I...
I don't even know myself anymore.
Then...
when I came back home.
it also happened
with me and Royce.
What?
That damn Royce! He screwed us over!
You’re gay?
I don’t know. I don’t know!
Damn it. Ariel!
You deceived me.
you never loved me.
I loved you.
I still love you!
I love you.
Rita.
I still love you.
Do you still love me?
Do you still love me after all that
has happened?
I love you so much!
I still love you.
Thank you.
Don't thank me.
You don't need to.
How about you and Royce?
That only happened once.
He’s blackmailing me for money.
He has a video. If I stop paying him.
he'll show it to you.
He’s doing the same to me.
He has a video of me too.
What?
He said he would
show it to you.
He's also extorting me.
Damn that Royce!
That son of a bitch!
Damn it!
That damn Royce!
He won't be able to fool us anymore.
- We know everything now.
- He needs to pay.
We need to get revenge.
There's nothing he can do.
Let's forget about him.
- No. Ariel. We'll get revenge.
- Rita. that's enough.
Enough.
Let’s stop this.
He raped me the other day.
What?
I told him that it’s over.
That I would just pay him.
But he still forced me.
He forced me!
Royce abused me. Ariel.
He treated me like an animal!
He did all sorts of lewd acts to me.
Ariel. I can't.
He violated me!
He said he'll post the video. Ariel!
What if it goes viral?
I'm ashamed for Marlon.
His sister has a scandal!
I’ll take care of it.
Marlon?
You didn’t go to school?
I waited for you to wake up.
Rita...
I was the one who told Ariel.
I'm the one who informed Ariel.
about you and Royce.
Forgive me.
Forgive me!
Don’t worry.
Ariel and I have talked.
We’re okay now.
I should be the one to ask
for forgiveness from you.
I was not a good sister.
I was too strict with you.
I’ve stopped you from
doing things you wanted.
I make you do almost
all the chores at home.
I never listened to you.
But know that I love--
I love you very. very much!
Remember when...
it was just the two of us
since you were a kid.
We worked hard to live.
and we managed.
Whatever happens.
you’re still my brother.
Big sis...
Are you going to eat now?
I got up late.
It’s Royce.
Tell him that you should meet.
Hello. Royce?
Don’t worry. we’ve talked about it.
Let’s just enjoy this night.
Ariel!
I love you so much. Rita.
I love you so much!
I love you so much. Ariel!
Ariel!
[chattering]
Dela Cruz. you have a visitor.
Big sis?
- Big sis!
- Marlon!
Marlon!
Big sis!
Marlon...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org